Arthur Morgan is the Main Protagonist and playable character in the Story of Red Dead Redemption 2. Member of the Van der Linde Gang, Arthur is Dutch's trusted right arm, and the main story protagonist in Red Dead Redemption 2. As of 1899, he is 36 years old.
The life of an outlaw is all Arthur Morgan has ever know. Dutch Van der Linde met Arthur when he was just 14 years old, a particularly damaged and angry young delinquent who had been on the streets ever since losing his parents at a young age.

insertinsert

Jack Marston is a character that appears as a Companion in Red Dead Redemption 2.Jack is the son of Abigail and John Marston.Young Jack was born into and has grown up with the gang, although everyone has done their best to shield him from the more nefarious elements, especially his mother Abigail.He feels lucky to have such a loving mother and a large family of aunts and uncles to look after him, but wishes that he could spend more time with his father John, and that there were some other children to play with. Jack is a kind, smart, independent boy who loves everything about nature.

Abigail Roberts (Marston) is a character that appears as a Companion in Red Dead Redemption 2.Abigail Roberts is John Marston's romantic partner, and the watchful mother of Jack. She is a member of the Van der Linde Gang.An orphan who grew up scraping out a living in dive bars and brothels in the West, she was introduced to Dutch's gang by Uncle around five years ago. Abigail is a strong, single-minded, straight-talking woman who has seen a lot of life and knows what it takes to survive against the odds.

Josiah Trelawny is a character that appears as a Companion in Red Dead Redemption 2, as well as a character in Red Dead Online. He is a member of the Van der Linde Gang. A flamboyant conjurer, conman and trickster with a taste for the finer things in life, Josiah Trelawny is one of the only people Dutch allows to drift in and out of the gang. He pops up out of nowhere and then, just like one of his magic tricks, disappears again. A cockroach in fancy britches, Trelawny is able to get into nooks and crannies that the rest of the gang can't.

Micah Bell appears as a Major Character and Companion in Red Dead Redemption 2. A career criminal and hitman, Micah has been with Dutchs gang for about five months. He claims he met Dutch when he saved his life in a bar fight over some stolen gold. He comes from a long line of bad men. His father and grandfather before him were also called Micah Bell and, at one point, his father was wanted for murder in five counties. He has a brother living in California, whom he despises. Wild, unpredictable and vindictive individual, he lives for the action, and is great in a gunfight.

Hosea Matthews appears as a Major Character and Companion in Red Dead Redemption 2. He is a member of the Van der Linde Gang. A master con artist, gentleman and thief, Hosea Matthews has been Dutch's closest friend and right-hand man for over twenty years. They first met when they tried to rob each other by a fire on the road to Chicago. Both young grifters with similarly subversive ideals, they became fast friends and partners in crime, running tricks together, ripping off the people they thought deserved it the most.

Sadie Adler appears as a Major Character and Companion in Red Dead Redemption 2, as well as a character in Red Dead Online. She is a member of the Van der Linde Gang. Sadie a widow hell-bent on taking revenge upon the men who broke into her home and killed her husband Jake - the O'Driscolls. She grew up raising harsh land in the mountains and can ride, hunt and shoot with the best of them. She and Jake shared all the work on their farm until her whole life was taken from her in an instant, launching her on a relentless quest for vengeance.

John Marston is a character that appears as a Companion and Playable Character in Red Dead Redemption 2. He was the protagonist of the first Red Dead Redemption game (which is the sequel story to Red Dead Redemption 2). He is a member of the Van der Linde Gang. In 1885, Dutch saved a boy from a lynching at the hands of some homesteaders who'd caught him stealing in Illinois. That boy turned out to be 12-year-old John Marston, a bad kid who'd started robbing and killing at a young age.

Kieran Duffy is a character that appears as a Companion in Red Dead Redemption 2. Whipping boy and general dogsbody for the rival gang O'Driscoll Boys, Kieran was captured on a raid by the Van der Linde Gang, and coerced into turning on is own people. He later became part of Dutch's gang in his own right but remains somewhat trapped between a rock and a hard place; the O'Driscolls want him dead. A scraggly, toady individual of dubious personal hygiene, Kieran has much more of a connection to horses than he does to people.